README.md, before:

# City-Explorer

**Author**: Omar Tarawneh
**Version**: 1.0.2(increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
Provide the user the ability to get information about a city name he give and return to him the weather and locaiton latitude and longitude and movies realted to the city he want

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

Follow the step to get the project set up in your local machine

- Clone the repo in you machine.

- In the terminal in your repo directory type ```npm install```.

- Append **.env** file for the main directory and type the ports needed.

- Start the server.js with typeing ```node server.js```.

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

This project is written using:

- Node.js

- cors: 2.8.5

- dotenv: 8.2.0

- express: 4.17.1

- superagent: 6.1.0

## Change Log

<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

21-02-2021 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.
21-02-2021 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the weather resource.
22-02-2021 5:00pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the Park resource.

[Heroku Link](https://city-explorer-oht.herokuapp.com/)

> ```https://city-explorer-oht.herokuapp.com/```


## Features

Number and name of feature: Location route

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hour

Start time: 1:30

Finish time: 3:30

Actual time needed to complete: 2 hours


Number and name of feature: weather route

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 4:00

Finish time: 4:40

Actual time needed to complete: 40 min


Number and name of feature: locationIQ API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 1:35

Finish time: 2:00

Actual time needed to complete: 25 min



Number and name of feature: Weather API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 2:00

Finish time: 3:00

Actual time needed to complete: 60 min


Number and name of feature: Parks API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 3:00

Finish time: 5:00

Actual time needed to complete: 120 min

Commit message:

Setting up the data base

README.md, after:

# City-Explorer

**Author**: Omar Tarawneh
**Version**: 1.0.3(increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
Provide the user the ability to get information about a city name he give and return to him the weather and locaiton latitude and longitude and movies realted to the city he want

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

Follow the step to get the project set up in your local machine

- Clone the repo in you machine.

- In the terminal in your repo directory type ```npm install```.

- Append **.env** file for the main directory and type the ports needed.

- Start the server.js with typeing ```node server.js```.

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

This project is written using:

- Node.js

- cors: 2.8.5

- dotenv: 8.2.0

- express: 4.17.1

- superagent: 6.1.0

- pg: 

## Change Log

<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

21-02-2021 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.
21-02-2021 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the weather resource.
22-02-2021 5:00pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the Park resource.

[Heroku Link](https://city-explorer-oht.herokuapp.com/)

> ```https://city-explorer-oht.herokuapp.com/```


## Features

Number and name of feature: Location route

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hour

Start time: 1:30

Finish time: 3:30

Actual time needed to complete: 2 hours


Number and name of feature: weather route

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 4:00

Finish time: 4:40

Actual time needed to complete: 40 min


Number and name of feature: locationIQ API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 1:35

Finish time: 2:00

Actual time needed to complete: 25 min



Number and name of feature: Weather API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 2:00

Finish time: 3:00

Actual time needed to complete: 60 min


Number and name of feature: Parks API

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 3:00

Finish time: 5:00

Actual time needed to complete: 120 min

Number and name of feature: Data Base

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 3:00

Finish time: 5:00

Actual time needed to complete: 120 min
